[Music]
Oh David help me this box is too heavy
just a moment Mary that's okay dad I can
help mom thanks Tina hmm I'm so tired I
am to Mary but there are a lot more
boxes out there to be moved hi my name
is Joe Williams and this is my wife soon
we live in the next apartment hello Joe
hello sue
my name is Mary white nice to meet you
you must be the new family living in
this apartment yes we are would you like
to come in Joe and Sue Williams this is
my husband David and our daughter Tina
hi Joe nice to meet you
hi Susan I hate you hello mr. and mrs.
Williams it's very nice to meet you so
can we help you you have so many boxes
you don't mind we don't mind at all
we're happy to help our new neighbors Oh
[Music]
good morning David
good morning Joe how are you this
morning I'm fine thanks and you oh I am
a little bit tired well me too we worked
very hard last night yes we did thanks
for your help
you're welcome David David and Mary I
would like you to meet this family this
is Bill Smith his wife Kathy and their
son Jack I'm David white nice to meet
you nice to meet you too David good
morning Mary I'm Kathy good morning nice
to meet you this is lovely furniture oh
thank you it was my mother's yeah would
you like to sit down sure mom what
should I do this box oh hi I'm Tina hi
my name is Jack do you guys live here
too yeah I moved in yesterday
great great other very next door good
because I don't know anybody else here
Tina come here I would like you to meet
bill and Cathy Smith nice to meet you
Mary you have a lovely daughter thank
you
she's not only lovely she's shy also
hello this is the white residence hello
may I please speak with Mary this is
Mary speaking hi Mary this is sue how
are you today
oh I'm fine sue how are you I'm fine I'm
sorry to bother you are you busy
not too busy I'm cleaning the apartment
right now Oh listen Mary I was wondering
do you want to join Kathi and me today
where are you going we both need to buy
some food at the supermarket oh great I
am so happy you invited me to join you
why is that Mary because I do not have
any food in the apartment oh I think you
really need to go then yes I agree with
you I know tonight David and Tina will
be very hungry if I don't have any food
from the supermarket good so um Cathy
and I will go at 12 o'clock is that a
good time for you oh I'm sorry I have a
hair appointment at 12 o'clock how about
I meet you at the supermarket at 1
o'clock
sure so Cathy and I will see you at the
supermarket at 1 o'clock ok that sounds
good sue I'll see you then
goodbye goodbye
[Music]
oh hi Mary hi
have you finished moving everything into
your apartment yes I've been busy
cleaning all day
trying to get all of my housework
finished I'm so glad to have a new
neighbor who's so friendly yes I am so
happy we moved here I am so glad to have
many friendly neighbors I talked to sue
today on the telephone and she asked me
to join you and go to the market
together oh that's great I'm glad you'll
be joining us yes me too I have no food
in the apartment so I'll see you at 12
no actually I'll meet you at 1 o'clock
there although I forgot to get
directions from sue oh ok it's very easy
to get to the supermarket I can tell you
ok just a moment first you go straight
on Main Street for about one mile uh-huh
at the 2nd traffic light turn left onto
Grayson Avenue after you turn left go
straight about four blocks four blocks
the supermarket will be on your
right-hand side it's very large so
you'll see it easily okay let me repeat
this to make sure I have the directions
correctly alright go straight on Main
Street for one mile turn left onto
Grayson Avenue after the second traffic
light go for blocks and the supermarket
is on the right-hand side that's exactly
right so I'll see you there okay I'll
see you there Cathy but by me oh my
that was a funny story
just put those over there beside the
sink by the sink yes over there Mary
what should I do with the salt and
pepper you can put that beside the stove
and talk about these vegetables those
can go in the refrigerator do you want
this fruit in the refrigerator also know
that can go above the microwave and how
about these cans of food these can go
above the sink Mary what about this
bottle of soap that can go under the
sink Wow Mary I think you've got enough
stuff here for a whole month yes I think
so I don't want to have to go to the
supermarket again for a long time caring
about the bread where should I put the
bread that can go above the microwave
behind the fruit okay good you can throw
the the bags in the trash can oh thank
you so much for asking me to join you to
go to the supermarket today you're
welcome
and I'm sure David and Tina will be very
happy to
hello
germs accounting firm how may I help you
may I speak with Sir Williams please
this is to speaking may I help you
so this is Cathy hi or Cathy hi what's
up
well I was wondering if you and your
family would like to go on vacation with
us oh we would love to go and the Wright
family is going also great where are you
going we're going to Florida
oh that's very far away will you fly on
a plane
yes oh I'm sorry I'm afraid we cannot go
it would be too expensive for us but we
have a very special price for the plane
tickets it's really not very expensive
well when are you going the last week of
June Oh Cathy I'm sorry we're not free
the last week of June oh why Jay and I
both have to work we don't have enough
vacation time can you ask your boss for
more vacation time no it is very
difficult for us to ask for a vacation
time I'm sorry but we really cannot go
are you sure you cannot go I'm sure it
would be impossible for us to go I
really wish you could go sue yes sir -
right but it's really not convenient for
us to go I'm sorry
never mind sue that's okay but I hope
you all have a good time in Florida
thanks I'm sure we will oh and Cathy yes
sue thank you for inviting us to go
along I'm really sorry we can't go no
problem maybe next year you can go with
us
okay sure goodbye bye bye
[Music]
okay does everyone know what they want
to do in our trip to Florida well Kathy
and I want to go shopping everyday and
David and I want to go boating and
fishing everyday and Tina and I want to
go to the beach every day the zoo in the
museum and mom way way I think we have
two months to do in one week David is
right we should make a schedule of
everything that we would like to do each
day okay I have a pen and paper I'll
write down everything we plan to do okay
okay on Sunday we'll go to the airport
and fly to Florida we'll arrive at the
hotel in the evening okay
Sunday airport hotel and on Monday can
we all go to the beach together sounds
good monday beach Tuesday everyone can
go shopping together and we'll buy gifts
and souvenirs on Wednesday the men can
go boating and fishing the women can go
shopping again and the kids can go to
the beach again slow down slow down I
can't write that fast and Thursday we
can go to the zoo
Thursday zoo Friday the women and
children could go to the amusement park
and the men could go boating and fishing
again I think Saturday should be a day
for everyone to do what they want to do
it's the free day and of course on
Sunday we go to the airport and we fly
home well I think we have a good plan
for our trip to Florida yes I've written
down our plans for Sunday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday and
the
last Sunday I'm so excited
[Music]
oh hi Marian Kathy come on in we're
sorry to bother you sue we were packing
for our trip to Florida and we were
hoping that we could borrow some things
from you yes I have so many things to
pack that I don't have enough suitcases
you don't no problem
we have many extra suitcases you can
borrow one I can oh thanks so that's
very nice of you also do you have an
extra tennis racquet David and I were
hoping to play some tennis while we are
in Florida
but we only have one racquet no problem
you can borrow Joe's racquet she can yes
she can
oh yeah sure sure yes you can
Oh sue I'm so disappointed that you're
not going to join us in Florida I hope
you're not too bored being at home this
week
oh we're not staying at home why not no
we're not I talked with my mother on the
phone this morning you did yes I did she
wants us to come and visit her for a few
days she does yes she does as a matter
of fact we're going tomorrow morning oh
so you need to start packing your
suitcase right now dear I should yes you
should do you have a problem with going
to visit my mother oh no not at all I
would love to visit your mother you
would yeah I guess it will be all right
Oh sue I'm so happy that you don't have
to stay home all week going to visit
your mother is a wonderful idea
it is
[Music]
Joe why do you look so upset I wanted to
go to Florida without friends I'm
frustrated don't be upset
we're going to visit my mother I know
we're going to visit your mother that's
why I'm upset and why don't you want to
go visit my mother because yes because
why because I don't know what to pack in
my suitcase so you have so many clothes
so many nice things I know that's the
problem I don't know what to take Oh Joe
here I'll help you decide what to take
how about these blue pants you can take
them when we go shopping with my mother
okay and oh I guess this red shirt would
look nice with the blue pants yeah yeah
that's good
and I think you need to take a jacket or
a sweater because the evenings will be
cool well should I take the large tan
jacket or should I take the small green
sweater um I think this will be enough
you think so
okay the small green sweater okay Oh
what about what about my swimming suit
let's see should you take the black
bikini or how about your yellow bathing
suit
I think the black bikini is better oh I
like the yellow bathing suit I think you
should take this one I really do
alright okay well what shoes are you
going to take shoes I don't know should
I take the brown shoes or the white
shoes um
I think the white ones are better okay I
think I can finish packing myself now
thank you soon anytime especially when
we're going to visit my mother oh yeah
[Music]
Oh what's the matter are you all right
what's the matter oh I have a stomach
ache oh I don't know I just know that my
stomach hurts I think I should take you
to the doctor Joe Williams doctor sit
down thank you how do you feel today Joe
oh I have a very very bad stomach ache
okay you have a stomach ache okay do you
have a fever a fever I
Oh am i hot no you're not hot you don't
have a fever
do you have a headache
no just just my stomach have you been
feeling tired mm-hmm
tired well not very much have you been
coughing or sneezing coughing or sneeze
no I have not been coughing or sneezing
doctor do you know what's wrong with Joe
well he has a very bad stomachache yeah
but he does not have a headache mm-hmm
he does not have a fever yeah he has not
been feeling tired and he hasn't been
coughing or sneezing have you been
eating these yes how many of these have
you eaten I don't know 20 20 20 look
they're very delicious very good now I
know why you have a stomachache here
take three of these every hour for the
next two days you will be feeling better
by tomorrow
a whole Sioux I'm sorry so really I'm
very sorry I don't believe you please
please forgive me I can't go to my
mother's today what I can't hear you
please speak louder I said we couldn't
go to my mother's today because you had
to go to the doctor
I was sick you ate too many chocolate
bars I'm really sorry
I don't forgive you
so please really I'm sorry please
forgive me no you shouldn't have eaten
so many chocolate bars hey wait a minute
you gave me those chocolate bars
oh I guess I did give you those
chocolate bars yeah Oh Joe I'm sorry I
shouldn't have gotten mad at you for
eating the chocolate bars I gave you
will you forgive me Joe I'm really sorry
okay I'll forgive you if you forgive me
okay we all forgive each other
okay so what do you want to do now hmm
well I am quite hungry actually
how about we eat some chocolate bars Oh
sue no more chocolate oh I'm just
kidding
Mary Mary wake up it's 10 till 10 we're
late
that's nice dear not 9:50 oh we are late
and we have to leave the house to go to
the airport at 15 after 10 oh that means
we only have 25 minutes to get ready
Oh dad what time is it oh it's 952 that
means we only have 23 minutes to get to
the airport
let's go Mary you know what time it is
at no.3 we will have your report at
10:15 can you please take our bags to
the car sure sure okay yes what time do
we have to be at the airport at half
past 11:00 11:30 okay
I sure hope so Tina are you did you pack
all of your suitcases yeah they're all
packed
okay are you sure you got everything yes
okay you got your toothbrush your
toothpaste your hairdryer your makeup
yes yes and yes okay so David did you
get everything yes I have my shoes my
clothes a book to read on the plane and
all of our money okay okay so everyone
got everything right yes we're sure we
have everything okay this is everything
let's go all right
[Music]
attention please flight 747 is now
boarding at gate 39 flight 747 is now
boarding at gate 39 excuse me yes ma'am
can I help you yes we are late for a
flight to Florida okay and what is your
flight number our flight number is 1250
your flight is it 1250 no no our flight
is at 11:30
our flight no there is 1250 okay how
many tickets do you need for your flight
we have six tickets for our flight to
Florida at 11:30 flight 1250 okay you
have 12 tickets for flight 11:30 that
leaves at a half past six no no we have
six tickets at 11:30 for flight number
1250 whoa you need to hurry it's 11
o'clock
I know could you hurry as quickly as
possible please
okay that's six tickets yes and it is
flight number 12
[Applause]
50 yes okay and it leaves 11:30 yes yes
yes
okay I'm sorry ma'am but that flight has
been delayed it does not leave for
another 1 hour and 45 minutes what you
mean we got up very quickly we got ready
very quickly we came to the airport very
quickly and you are telling me that our
flight does not leave for another hour
and 45 minutes yeah but that's good how
is that good now you're not late
[Music]
I'm so tired I'm more than tired I'm
exhausted
I think everybody's tired I'm a little
tired but not too much yes me too I
think we should cover somewhere tonight
how about going out to a movie sorry I
thought you'd like to go I got to go see
the beach sweetheart you're a little
late it's dark outside already I would
like to take a shower before we go out
yes David is right I think we all need a
shower before we go out all right after
everyone's had a shower we'll go out
need could we eat pizza
Tina dear we had pizza last night we
need to try something different tonight
how about Chinese food like to go get
some Chinese food
sounds good okay let's take a shower
first and then we'll all go out to eat
Chinese food mom yes Tina if I don't
want Chinese food could i order a pizza
[Music]
oh hello hi hi hello good evening
hi there's six of us ah you want to kick
a bus no I said there are six of us oh
there are six of you yes is there a
table free huh you cannot see no no is
there a table free oh yes please come
excuse me how much is the soup you are a
very large group no I asked you how much
is the soup oh it is three dollars and
what about the rice it is one dollar a
plate okay I think we would like six
bowls of soup six plates of rice and one
large duck
[Music]
hi honey I'm home
where have you been you've been gone for
a long time well I went to the doctor to
the doctor sue are you sick
why didn't you tell me you weren't
feeling well I could go to the doctor
with you Joe dear I'm not sick
you're not sick no Willa if you're not
sick why did you go to the doctor
darling
we're going to have a baby yeah we're
going to have a baby oh oh I'm so happy
I know I'm excited too I'm going to call
all of our friends on the telephone okay
I'm going to tell them the good news
okay hello Kathy
yes this is Joe sue is going to have a
baby a baby
oh so this is great congratulations
thanks captain I'm so happy for you and
Joe this is terrific news we must have a
congratulations party we can invite
everyone oh that is a terrific idea
we could invite your family and we can
invite the white family also yes
this is fantastic congratulations Joe
congratulations sue thank you
[Music]
oh boy or Mary this is so beautiful
thank you very much
[Music]
happy thank you for the lovely baby
clothes they're perfect and Jack it's so
nice of you to give your ball for the
baby to play with thank you so much and
David I can't thank you enough to the
lovely toy you made are you sure it
wasn't too difficult for you no problem
think nothing of it I want you all to
know we appreciate these gifts so much
they are really lovely thank you sure we
are really so lucky to have such good
friends god bless you all thank you I
want to thank everyone also when our
family moved into this apartment we
didn't know anyone but now we have many
new friends I agree you're all very
special to me Tina
you know how you can be a good friend to
me in the future how you can help me
take care of the baby in your free time
you know I'm so glad you have moved into
our apartment building
I think we've become very good friends
yes we have and I think we will all be
friends for a very long time which
remember CH which vegetables vegetables
vegetables do you usually eat which
vegetables do you usually eat I usually
eat cucumbers potatoes and cabbages okay
I usually eat cucumbers potatoes and
cabbages number two do you like eating
lettuce do you like eating lettuce
yes I do I love lettuce or not really
ear not really not really I
this is a rally that means I sometimes
okay I rarely eat lettuce I rarely eat
lettuce yes I do a lot lettuce or not
really I rarely eat lettuce number three
how do you like to eat terrace how do
you like to eat terrace that means that
how do you want me to make the lettuce
like you can eat them raw or you can eat
the boiled or steamed or stir-fried or
something like that okay
how do you like to eat Paris I like to
eat them raw I like to eat them boiled I
like to eat them
stir-fried I like to eat them fried I
like to eat them Groot or baked anything
like that okay so I like to eat them
roar roar that means with that without
cooked okay without cooking
do you eat asparagus yes I do
it's delicious no I don't sorry no I
don't eat asparagus there are some
vegetables that for some people they
they don't like it but they don't really
hate it but they just don't eat it they
just don't want to eat okay
do you eat asparagus yes I do
it's delicious no I don't oh sorry
no I do read asparagus no I to eat
asparagus numbers number five which
vegetables which vegetables this one's
carrot of Koha which vegetables which
vegetables which vegetables are there in
the fridge fridge that mean refrigerator
ok fridge there are green beans
it plants their green beans and
eggplants they aren't any vegetables in
the fridge if there are some vegetables
you can say there are in them vegetables
and if they aren't anything you just say
there aren't any vegetables in the
fridge that means there is not there is
no vegetables in the fridge okay can you
go to the supermarket there can you go
to the supermarket to buy some sweet
potatoes for me that means like and now
in the house or in the apartment we
don't have sweet potatoes and then you
go to the supermarket to buy the other
sweet potatoes for me because I want to
cook right now okay
can you go to the supermarket to buy
some sweet potatoes for me sure no
problem
if you if you agree sure no problem
or if you disagree you want to refuse
you can say sorry I can I'm busy now
sorry I can't I'm busy now